Is there a possibility
I am the handsome man
I think you are crazy
Are you obsessed?
Did you work as a waiter?
Frequent bullying and discrimination
So I fantasize every day that I am a war commander
Can stand tall
Dazzling sightseeing
So embarrassing
You saw through it all
You can be poor or weak
But keep your feet on the ground
Maybe you will meet someone who likes you in the future
But if you're always hypocritical and bragging
Just boring
Do it yourself
I'm leaving. Wait
Are you really unwilling to marry me?
What should I tell you?
Although you have some connections
But you
It never changes the fact that you are a waiter
And your connections are really nothing
44 Hai Du said that someone in his family is a war general
If you want to survive, leave Jinhai quickly
You are caring about me
The Lins don't treat me well
I don't want you to lose your life to the Lin family
I don't care about the life and death of the Lin family at all
I only care about you, I want to protect you forever
Don't let anyone bully you
I know you are a good person.
But we really don't deserve it
Goodbye tomorrow night at 7pm
Zhan Shuai will come to Jinhai
Stay in the Presidential Suite at Regal Gimhae
See you there.
You'll know if I'm lying.